# Matt-and-Ari-EC
A floppy kid with big ears and oversized extremities made his way across the field, the disgusting field with loogie larvae dripping from overgrown thistles. This was the wilderness of his subdivision, a couple acres of unkempt grass and weeds that was abuzz with insects and crawling with vermin. For whatever reason, nobody had bothered to build on this plot of land. Maybe it was unstable. Maybe it was cursed. Maybe it had been there so long that the grownups couldn’t see it anymore.

In the middle of the field was a tangle of dead and dying trees, which surrounded one big old decrepit monster of a tree that the kid, Mark, and his best bud Jeff had dubbed The Beast. This magnificent tree would be the future site of their magnificent tree fort. They’d set their minds and hearts to it. They’d even drawn up the blueprints and everything.

They were expert fort builders. They could build the most elaborate forts out of sheets and couch cushions in Jeff’s basement, with serpentine corridors and dead ends to confound intruding adults, and a TV room where they could sit and play Contra during sleepovers til two in the morning if they wanted. Surely they could transfer these skills to building a tree fort. All they needed was wood, right? Some nails and a couple hammers?

What initially inspired the tree fort idea was the series of rotted, roughly parallel 2x4 rungs that were nailed to the trunk of The Beast -- artifacts from some ancient civilization of boys, probably not unlike themselves, who once ruled the neighborhood from on high. The rungs led to a rotted board nested in the crotch of the Beast about 15 feet above the ground, which Mark and Jeff posited was once a landing, or possibly a decontamination chamber, on the way up to the main level. There was a logical spot where this theoretical main level must have once existed, although no concrete evidence of its existence remained. That spot was a good 25 feet up, where there were several sturdy branches at similar levels to each other, arranged far enough apart to accommodate a very spacious floor, with maybe a pitched roof over it and a crow’s nest or lookout cubby at its pinnacle, which must have afforded its inhabitants an awesome, 360 degree panoramic view of their kingdom.

These speculations became sketches, which became the aforementioned blueprints for their future fort. The blueprints existed in the back pages of Mark’s 3 subject math/english/history notebook.
